clean raised well Paul is a great cook
in addition to being a fine animal
raiser and he's gonna cook us some beer
braised bratwurst with cabbage
these are nine and ranch bratwurst
Neyman ranch yes I love these so you
have them browning browning this is
something that just came out of a you
know what to do if people show up in a
hurry you know so take your bratwurst
and then add your your onions and one
wayward ring there okay okay well and
just cook these enough so the onions
cook down get tenderize about nine and
ranch traceability what does that mean
well the court of court okay these these
products of course come from nine and
ranch farms and we have filled ages to
the work with our farmers all the time
we have our own high animal welfare
standards and those are your pigs free
ranging free free-range pigs outdoor
raised feet bed things like this and you
know only only Smith that comes from
these animals goes into these products
so it's perfect I love cap so this is
our these are some of the pigs on my
farm well these are cross bred pigs but
they are outdoors in the pasture we shot
some of these pictures probably their
big how many pounds to those guys well
these are these are still relatively
small they're probably about 100 pounds
here and you solder them at what pet
watch wait probably about 280 Wow and
I've had a good fortune of tasting
Paul's pork it is so delicious and if
you raise an animal humanely and
slaughter it humanely you feel better
about eating it
well that's right and and the animal
feels better about being your food the
taste the foot I'm not kidding they
really do taste the flavor it's
dramatically different really yes now
what happens with this cabbage now this
goes into okay
okay here's the onions browned off
cabbage goes in there yes so could you
use sauerkraut or would you like to the
fresh cabbage I like to use a fresh or
you can use Swiss chard or whatever any
kind of greens you have here's two
yeah okay and we'd use fresh tomatoes in
season or you know and a whole beer yeah
part of it yeah beer the whole thing oh
darn I was gonna I was hoping that you
would say I could have a little swig yes
you can yes you can
no just one little tape this is the fun
part of cooking of beer there's some
salt some pepper yes fabulous
so are you always cooking on the ranch
yeah and then tell everybody where the
ranch is this is well it's really a farm
I guess you know but we're north central
Iowa our Neyman ranch world headquarters
is on the farm I grew up on this farm
and okay and then yeah here's the end
product mom teach you to make this yeah
you know what we just kind of made this
up one day when we needed something
quick and you make the cornbread too out
of corn raised on the pastures on which
the pigs graze the year before right
that's right so they're fertilizing the
fields right and the corn did it grow
really beautifully corn grows great we
have really high quality oh there's the
cornfield corn fields kind of in the
background that's around it I hope well
there's electric fence oh okay pig the
pigs were there last year so that the
corn on our farm and the hog pasture are
part of a rotation we raise corn
soybeans oats a and then pigs again
and so I ground this on Monday this corn
me ug and brought it in today okay peace
so oh good this is a great Saturday
lunch it's a great cool nights uh
personal it's pretty much it's pretty
good anytime and if you're a farmhand on
a on an appropriate farm this is the
kind of food you're going I guess you'd
have to have two sausages right if
you're a firm here
well you're gonna be pretty hungry you
want a big piece or whatever that looks
good I want to taste that freshly ground
cornmeal so what kind of corn is that
it's just mmm
yellow actually yellow field corn Paul
thank you very much and thank you for a
grazing animals to me and talking about
it it's great well thanks for having
south of my daughter
you